Akamai Function Worker as a Service (#354)
Macrometacorp/docs: docs/queryworkers/akamai/manage-integrations.md

---
sidebar_position: 10
title: Manage Integrations
---

> This page describes how to integrate Akamai's Edge Worker functionality as a Macrometa functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page describes how to integrate Akamai's Edge Worker functionality with the Macrometa platform.
```

> :::note

Reviewer: Please add this note after the intro of each topic in this folder.

This feature is currently in preview.
:::

## Prerequisites

> - A Macrometa account with sufficient permissions to view and edit query workers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A Macrometa account with sufficient permissions to view and edit query workers or stream workers.
```

> - In Akamai, a Property created with your Macrometa GDN integration. Refer to [Create and configure a property](https://techdocs.akamai.com/api-definitions/docs/create-config-prop).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In Akamai, a Property created with your Macrometa GDN integration. For more information about Akamai Properties, refer to [Create and configure a property](https://techdocs.akamai.com/api-definitions/docs/create-config-prop).
```

> ## Add Integration

Reviewer: After the new API is rolled out, let's see if there's an API way to do this and add a tab. Something for next week.

> Add Akamai metadata from your Macrometa GDN environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add Akamai metadata to your Macrometa GDN environment.
```
